document issues that arise from namespace based provisioning selection (#1509)
aws/karpenter: website/content/en/preview/faq.md

To select an alternative provisioner, use the node selector `karpenter.sh/provisioner-name: alternative-provisioner`.
You must either define a default provisioner or explicitly specify `karpenter.sh/provisioner-name node selector`.

### How can I configure Karpenter to only provision pods for a particular namespace?

> There is no native support for namespaced based provisioning.
> Karpenter can be configured to provision a subset of pods based on a combination of taints/tolerations and node selectors.
> This allows Karpenter to work in concert with the `kube-scheduler` in that the same mechanisms that `kube-scheduler` uses to determine if a pod can be bound to a node are also used by Karpenter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There is no native support for namespaced based provisioning.
Karpenter can be configured to provision a subset of pods based on a combination of taints/tolerations and node selectors.
This allows Karpenter to work in concert with the `kube-scheduler` in that the same mechanisms that `kube-scheduler` uses to determine if a pod can schedule to an existing node are also used for provisioning new nodes.
```

This avoids scenarios where pods are bound to nodes that were provisioned by Karpenter which Karpenter would not have bound itself.
If this were to occur, a node could remain non-empty and have its lifetime extended due to a pod that wouldn't have caused the node to be provisioned had the pod been unschedulable. 

> Some users of Karpenter have had success using mutation admission webhooks to assign tolerations to pods upon admission to achieve namespace based provisioning. An example of this can be seen [here](https://blog.mikesir87.io/2022/01/creating-tenant-node-pools-with-karpenter/).

Reviewer: We need to say something like, "we recommend using kubernetes native scheduling constraints to achieve this". This can be enforced via policy agents, for example ...
